# Cplusplus-Program2
The Gaming Room is a game creator for mobile that successfully launched a puzzle game on Android platform. The type of software they wanted me to design was a web-based version of their current mobile game. This was requested so that they could gather bigger audiences across multiple platforms.
I particularly did well in writing my recommendation section when developing this document. I was able to assist the client with recommendations in their operating system, memory/storage management, security, and other necessities to ensure everything was protected and ran as it should.
The UML class diagram was very helpful when developing the code. This is because it helped develop classes that in turn formed a well thought prototype.
I would choose the evaluation portion of the document. I could've improved on my decision so that it was more well-tailored to the client versus the mass majority. This is so we can eliminate any potential technical or performance issues in the future.
I was able to interpret the user's needs into my software design by considering the end-goal and necessities for the client. When developing web based applications, speed and intuitiveness is crucial. If the website is having any type of technical errors, it could cause the user unnecessary stress which could in turn lead to the user leaving. It is important to consider the user's needs since that will be the client's main goal in reaching their desired revenue.
I was able to approach designing software by going step by step. Some strategies I found was looking towards the end-goal and creating smaller goals to achieve it. Finding the fundamental pieces to the software and ensuring they all work properly was my continuous goal when I was designing this software. 
